This directory contains the example code from the book _Java Examples in
a Nutshell_, by David Flanagan, published by O'Reilly & Associates.

If you don't already have a copy of the book, you should get one.  Visit
http://www.oreilly.com/ to browse the O'Reilly & Associates catalog and
to order on line.  Or call 1-800-998-9938 or 1-707-829-0515 to order by
phone.

This code is free for non-commercial use.  See the file LICENSE for
information. 

The examples from Chapter 11, Java Beans, are in the package
oreilly.beans.yesno, and are therefore found in the oreilly/beans/yesno
directory beneath this one.  All the other examples in the book are
in the "default package", and are found in this directory itself.

There are 127 Java source files in all.  Each has the same name as the
example caption that appears in the book.  So, for example, Example 1-1
in the book has the caption "Hello.java", and is found in the file
Hello.java.

Examples 14-6 and 14-8 are property files, not Java programs
They are available in this directory under the names.

	Menus.properties
	Menus_en_GB.properties
	Menus_fr.properties
	Errors.properties

The file index.html is an HTML file suitable for browsing the examples
online. 

Note that several of the Java examples here use deprecated APIs to
retain compatibility with Web browsers that are not fully Java 1.1
compliant.  Therefore, you will see some deprecation warnings when
compiling those examples.  This is expected.  You will have to download
and install the JFC "Swing" preview release to compile the examples in
the appendix.  They've been tested with release 0.3 of Swing.  Also,
HTMLWriter.java relies on the Netscape-specific class
netscape.javascript.JSObject, so to compile this example, you'll have to
add the appropriate Netscape JAR file to your classpath.
